[Music]
I'm going to tell you the story of the
Jeremy down the road not taken' this is
the way the world ends this is the way
the world ends
[Music]
these are the sordid tales of how it all
came crashing down
this is an epic Los Angeles crime saga
and you're researching your role yes it
takes place in the near future
scientists are saying the future is
going to be far more futuristic than
they originally predicted gonna have to
wear a bulletproof vest let's talk about
your phone what's it really about
[Applause]
you're not really here don't look so
scared mr. santaros the future it's just
like you imagine someone is behind now
take the nervous breakdown to the
century nothing that killer a porn star
in a tattoo parlor can't handle
[Music]
for a surgical strike
I'm not pen and pimps don't commit
suicide
[Music]
it all ends tonight
it had to be this way
[Music]
they feel a lot less violence in the
world if everyone just got a little more
cardio
[Music]